README.md, before:

# Hi, I'm Wonyoung Jang

[![Personal Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/Website-wonyoungjang.org-blue?style=flat-square&logo=google-chrome)](https://wonyoungjang.org)
[![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/wonyoung-jang?label=Follow&style=social)](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang)

Welcome to my GitHub profile!

## Featured Projects

### Python
- [Logseq Analyzer](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/logseq-analyzer) - Analyzer for markdown Logseq graphs
- [Vehicle intercept problems solver](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/vehicle-intercept-gui) - Solver for a drone intercept and a car collision problem, with PySide6
- [Sitemap scraper](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/sitemap-scraper) - Get sitemaps of websites as structured markdown data
- [FLLC Q-learning scheduler](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/fllc-qlearning-scheduler) - Optimize event scheduling using reinforcement learning
- [Logseq markdown tokenizer](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/logseq-tokenizer) - Process and analyze Logseq markdown files
- [Save top level reddit comments](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/top-reddit-comments) - Extract and store top Reddit discussions
- [Package delivery route optimization](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/package-delivery-network) - Enhance delivery efficiency through route optimization

### Web Development (Java, Go, JavaScript, HTML, CSS)
- [Logseq Insert Random Pages](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/logseq-insert-random-pages) - Logseq plugin to insert random pages as blocks.
- [Hugo PolyRhythmic](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/hugo-PolyRhythmic) - Hugo theme for Material Design 3
- [Hugo PolyRhythmic exampleSite](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/hugo-PolyRhythmic-demo) - Source for live demo site for PolyRhythmic
- [Realtime multiplayer drawing](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/realtime-multiplayer-drawing) - Collaborative real-time drawing platform
- [Retail inventory manager](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/retail-inventory-manager) - Streamline inventory management for retail businesses
- [Vacation cart manager](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/vacation-cart-manager) - Simplify vacation planning and booking
- [Hotel reservation manager](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/Hotel-Reservation-Manager) - Efficient hotel booking system

### Database Management (SQL)
- [Bagel Corner & Mr. Coffee database management](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/bagel-coffee-stores) - Optimize operations for food service businesses
- [DVD rental database revenue insights](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/dvd-rental-revenue) - Extract valuable business insights from rental data

### C++
- [Student records system](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/Student-Record-System) - Efficient management of student information

### AI/ML
- [CS career recommendation chatbot](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/cs-career-chatbot) - AI-powered career guidance for CS students

### Lua
- [Disaster recovery robot simulation](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/Disaster-Recovery-Robot) - Simulate and optimize disaster response robotics

## Skills

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=Python&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Java-007396?style=flat-square&logo=Java&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=JavaScript&logoColor=black)
![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Go-00ADD8?style=flat-square&logo=Go&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SQL-4479A1?style=flat-square&logo=MySQL&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/-C++-00599C?style=flat-square&logo=C%2B%2B&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-E34F26?style=flat-square&logo=HTML5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS3-1572B6?style=flat-square&logo=CSS3&logoColor=white)
![Lua](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Lua-2C2D72?style=flat-square&logo=Lua&logoColor=white)

## Get in Touch

- Personal Website: [wonyoungjang.org](https://wonyoungjang.org)
- Email: contact@wonyoungjang.org

Feel free to explore my projects and reach out if you'd like to collaborate or have any questions!

Commit message:

Add Logseq PolyRhythmic project to README.md

README.md, after:

# Hi, I'm Wonyoung Jang

[![Personal Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/Website-wonyoungjang.org-blue?style=flat-square&logo=google-chrome)](https://wonyoungjang.org)
[![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/wonyoung-jang?label=Follow&style=social)](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang)

Welcome to my GitHub profile!

## Featured Projects

### Python
- [Logseq Analyzer](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/logseq-analyzer) - Analyzer for markdown Logseq graphs
- [Vehicle intercept problems solver](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/vehicle-intercept-gui) - Solver for a drone intercept and a car collision problem, with PySide6
- [Sitemap scraper](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/sitemap-scraper) - Get sitemaps of websites as structured markdown data
- [FLLC Q-learning scheduler](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/fllc-qlearning-scheduler) - Optimize event scheduling using reinforcement learning
- [Logseq markdown tokenizer](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/logseq-tokenizer) - Process and analyze Logseq markdown files
- [Save top level reddit comments](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/top-reddit-comments) - Extract and store top Reddit discussions
- [Package delivery route optimization](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/package-delivery-network) - Enhance delivery efficiency through route optimization

### Web Development (Java, Go, JavaScript, HTML, CSS)
- [Logseq PolyRhythmic](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/logseq-polyrhythmic) - Logseq theme based on my PolyRhythmic theme for Hugo.
- [Logseq Insert Random Pages](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/logseq-insert-random-pages) - Logseq plugin to insert random pages as blocks.
- [Hugo PolyRhythmic](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/hugo-PolyRhythmic) - Hugo theme for Material Design 3
- [Hugo PolyRhythmic exampleSite](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/hugo-PolyRhythmic-demo) - Source for live demo site for PolyRhythmic
- [Realtime multiplayer drawing](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/realtime-multiplayer-drawing) - Collaborative real-time drawing platform
- [Retail inventory manager](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/retail-inventory-manager) - Streamline inventory management for retail businesses
- [Vacation cart manager](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/vacation-cart-manager) - Simplify vacation planning and booking
- [Hotel reservation manager](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/Hotel-Reservation-Manager) - Efficient hotel booking system

### Database Management (SQL)
- [Bagel Corner & Mr. Coffee database management](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/bagel-coffee-stores) - Optimize operations for food service businesses
- [DVD rental database revenue insights](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/dvd-rental-revenue) - Extract valuable business insights from rental data

### C++
- [Student records system](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/Student-Record-System) - Efficient management of student information

### AI/ML
- [CS career recommendation chatbot](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/cs-career-chatbot) - AI-powered career guidance for CS students

### Lua
- [Disaster recovery robot simulation](https://github.com/wonyoung-jang/Disaster-Recovery-Robot) - Simulate and optimize disaster response robotics

## Skills

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=Python&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Java-007396?style=flat-square&logo=Java&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=JavaScript&logoColor=black)
![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Go-00ADD8?style=flat-square&logo=Go&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SQL-4479A1?style=flat-square&logo=MySQL&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/-C++-00599C?style=flat-square&logo=C%2B%2B&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-E34F26?style=flat-square&logo=HTML5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS3-1572B6?style=flat-square&logo=CSS3&logoColor=white)
![Lua](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Lua-2C2D72?style=flat-square&logo=Lua&logoColor=white)

## Get in Touch

- Personal Website: [wonyoungjang.org](https://wonyoungjang.org)
- Email: contact@wonyoungjang.org

Feel free to explore my projects and reach out if you'd like to collaborate or have any questions!
